the botafogo arrives schechtman brasil takes
bomb in the bathroom that was good for
that you bombam good class that passion
when a bomb struck a car in the
Boot has nothing and do not know does not want to
peace because mon is bomb in a car
They stole a bomb for you quickly.
good because the noise is slow otherwise
You can stop your lifestyle that still
just not going to bahia bahia bahia the page
It's good, but brother is not just fighting.
Only chocolate, your brother took the fifth
You still find the ball to
to hold the pump damaging the
sister's name and are you doing here
I came to announce that that safe zone
said pachta paiva left the novel here
I did not defend a car bomb.
arrives and does not know how to fly hands
the argentina arrives right idea of ​​a
big stain of china would undoubtedly be
We did not talk to anyone, there was not
numbers you mother face is as follows
I 'm fine on tape, I'll paper more
Keep going, but do not hurt me, it's good.
play the next battery you're going to take
for world account good victim took the
I named the water but could not take a shower.
here is my soccer
The channel is my brother, that 's the thing.
begins to be followed by here all that
the staff since the malls easy
There we go, I have a bomb in the
front and I'm over you go there will be
increasingly in front of a team
could hem from there any place but
everything you do work in Bahia
keep good listening not ten glasses if
it was a rooster arrived where nobody very much
less to the headquarters of the IMF, but then you know
You do not travel to Europe after having now
A barbecue is a pump bomb that
still wondering whatever was
life 19 is not a thing
hair is missing the ball
now he is seeing this camera is more
We fought you arrive arriving at
streets of cassava honey that was
You're good for the value stolen motorcycle.
ended up sending I wanted to meet the
boy presents black who told him
still tried then you were a shock
Breakfast in copacabana also lacked tact
even its particles have been
suffered because human car must be the
The same person for me is not who plays it.
fake bomb to you how good it is and make a
bitch of the damage and will do a job
good, everything, study, and me
show with fear also back a
pump all I have something pomegranate not
played with botafogo this Sunday with
fear
we will get there go there bomb arrived
show map Nobody had had the
rule today the company boy the bomb there
boy the bomb and guys chocolate my
Brother and beautiful, but I'll arrive.